	


	The chosen economic theme consists in simulating the existence of a national bank, which deals with the management of the financial resources of natural and legal persons, regardless of their citizenship and place of residence. Concretely, the bank as an entity carries out a series of activities of an economic nature, such as the management and monitoring of financial operations between other entities, including both loans, transactions and deposits, having at its disposal confidential information about customers, employees and transactions, which it must keep them stored in a secure environment. In this sense, a banking system fulfills all the necessary conditions to need a database, in which all the aforementioned data are kept in a safe place, and an advantage of using a database would also be the fact that it allows access to a series of tools through which certain results can be visualized, statistics can be made and forecasts can be created by specialists.

	The database created to simulate the activity of a bank in Romania is based on 10 tables, which include the necessary elements to efficiently store and visualize the collected data. The objective of the project is to demonstrate the usefulness of the database for a bank, in the sense that through the prism of the content we have created, it should be noted that we can have access to certain concrete information very quickly, thanks to the way the tables are organized, which it saves time for specialists and we can perform a series of queries on the data held, which will allow us to issue relevant statistics related to the bank's activity, which will be useful to specialists in making forecasts. Next, I will present the tables used where additional explanations are needed to understand their reasoning, specifying the purpose of each one, the integrity restrictions and the links between them.
	
	The "Adrese" table was created with the purpose of storing both the addresses issued by customers in connection with the location of residence, as well as those where the representative centers of the bank's departments can be found. It contains 8 attributes, 7 of them referring directly to certain details related to an address (such as the name of the street, block, etc.), having the restriction of not being null, and the remaining one, "ID_Adresa", acts as a counter, to ensure the uniqueness of an address. In the table we have an attribute that acts as an external key, "ID_Tara", connecting to the "Tari" table.

	The "Angajati" table was created to keep track of the bank's employees. Specifically, general data is stored, such as the attributes "Nume", "Prenume", but we also have confidential attributes such as "CNP" or "Salariu" and attributes used for organizational aspects within the bank, such as "ID_Departament". The table contains 12 attributes, 11 have the restriction of not being null, two of them have the restriction of being unique ("CNP" and "Email"), and the primary key is "ID_Angajat", acting as a counter. We have two external keys that connect the tables "Departamente" (Attribute "ID_Departament") and "Lista_Functii" (Attribute "Prefix_Functie") and one that performs a Self-Join also with the table "Angajati" (Attribute "ID_Manager"), with the aim of to highlight the hierarchy in the bank. The "Clienti" table is similar, in the sense that it stores information about people registered in the system who are customers, having an attribute that is not mandatory, called "NIF", calling on the Fiscal Identification Number, owned only by legal entities. Also, the "Conturi" table has the role of storing information specific to some accounts, an attribute worth mentioning is the "Rata_Dobanzii" which refers to the percentage that a customer receives if he decides to deposit an amount of money at the bank on a period established by the contract.
	
	The "Departamente" table consists of 3 mandatory attributes that provide information about the departments within the bank, "ID_Adresa" referring to the "Adrese" table through a foreign key and aims to show where the main center of that department is located.
Within the database we have 4 tables that contribute to detailing information from other more complex tables and ensuring normalization in FN3, these being: "Tipuri_Tranzactii", "Lista_Functii", "Tari" and "Tipuri_Conturi". For example, the "Tari" table contains information about the country in which an address from the "Adrese" table is located.
The last notable table consists of the "Tranzactii" table, in which we find details strictly necessary for a transaction (7 attributes, 6 mandatory), in which it should be mentioned that the "ID_Angajat" attribute refers to the employee who validated the correctness of a transaction of "Transfer Bancar" (therefore, the attribute is not mandatory for the other types of transactions). Also, the attribute "ID_Cont_Receptie" refers to the account that received an amount of money, and "ID_Cont_Transmisie" to the account that sent the respective amount of money within the transaction, and if in a record it is observed that they have the same value, it means that a "Depunere" or "Retragere" type transaction took place, this being the reasoning used.
